docs: Split deprecated spec versions from stable ones (#256)
coreos/butane: docs/specs.md

- OpenShift (`openshift`)
  - [v4.9.0-experimental](config-openshift-v4_9-exp.md)

## Deprecated specification versions

> The following configuration specifications are still understood by Butane but are considered deprecated and will be removed in a future major release:

Reviewer: nits:
```suggestion
The following configuration specifications are still accepted by Butane but are deprecated and will be removed in a future release:
```
